DOCSP-9563 crud search text (#85)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/indexes.txt

sort behavior. For a full explanation of multikey indexes, including a discussion of their behavior and limitations,
refer to the :manual:`Multikey Indexes page </core/index-multikey>` in the MongoDB manual.

> .. _textIndexes:

Reviewer: Nitpick:
The other anchors use snake case (words separated by a dash). It might be better to stay consistent with that rather than use camelcase.

   Text indexes differ from the more powerful :atlas:`Atlas full text search indexes </atlas-search/>` Atlas users
   should use Atlas search.

> .. warning:: Restriction on one text index per collection. 

Reviewer: Since this seems like you're describing a feature in the content, I'm not sure warning is the best representation. Indexing multiple fields for a text index seems more like fundamental learning material than something that may directly generate issues for the user. Maybe you can separate out what you're warning the reader about from the content about what you can do with a compound text index?

Also, I wonder if this belongs here or after showing the reader what a single field text search index looks like. Is there any reason we should show this example before that?

Also, for admonitions like "warning" or "info", I would prefer a complete sentence in the title, e.g.
"A collection can only contain one text index."

Author: Agreed, I will keep the warning to state what you can't do and show how to do it right after

   If you want to create a text index for multiple text fields, you need

>    to create an compound index to include them. 

Reviewer: I wasn't able to find any information in either this page or the Text Search one as to whether a text search performs a search on all the indexed fields. This might not be easy enough for someone to assume, so it could be useful to make that information explicit.

   The following creates a compound text index for the ``title`` and ``genre``
   fields:

   .. code-block:: java
   
      collection.createIndex(Indexes.compoundIndex(Indexes.text("title"), Indexes.text("genre")));
   

>    For more information on compound text index restrictions, see the

Reviewer: Nitpick: "compound text index" is a long description to precede "restrictions". Instead, consider "For more information on restrictions on compound text indexes, ..."

Author: Reformatted this to a "for more information, see the following:" part

>    server manual entry on :manual:`Compound Text Indexes <core/index-text/#std-label-text-index-compound>`.

Reviewer: For consistency, should we capitalize Server Manual Entry or keep it lowercase across the docs? I'm open to either, but the former (proper noun form) might help the user identify that we're referring to something specific.

.. driver-content-end
.. common-content-begin

.. note:: A collection can only contain one text index. 

   If you want to create a text index for multiple text fields, you need

>    to create an compound index to include them. A compound text index

Reviewer: It's not that clear whether the pronoun "them" refers to "text index" or "multiple fields". You don't lose anything from the sentence by omitting "to include them".

```suggestion
   to create an compound index. A compound text index
```

>    specifies for all the text fields on which to run a text search. 

Reviewer: Not certain what "specifies for all the text fields" means. Is there some word missing after "specifies"?

Refer to the :manual:`Unique Indexes page </core/index-unique>` in the MongoDB server manual for more information.
.. driver-content-end

> Remove an Index

Reviewer: This shows specifically how to remove a text index, right? A non-text index you might use the helper to build the name depending on the sort direction, e.g.:
collection.dropIndex(Index.ascending("imdb"))
If you meant it to apply to one or the other, I think it could be helpful to identify either in this title or the text that immediately follows it.

Author: I added an additional section called "index specification document" and made the current section called "name field"

---------------

Pass the indexed ``name`` field to the ``dropIndex()`` method to remove
an index from a collection. 

Use the ``listIndexes()`` method to see the indexed ``name`` fields in
your collection. 

The following snippet retrieves all the indexes in your collection:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/SearchText.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin listIndex
   :end-before: end listIndex

> Your output should look something like the following:

Reviewer: Since they're not specifying a sample collection that has a text index on it, I'm not sure we can claim what the index text looks like. Maybe you can set up this example by providing some background information about the collection that you're calling listIndexes on.

.. code-block:: json

   { "v": 2, "key": {"_id": 1}, "name": "_id_" }
   { "v": 2, "key": {"_fts": "text", "_ftsx": 1}, "name": "title_text", "weights": {"title": 1}, 
   "default_language": "english", "language_override": "language", "textIndexVersion": 3 }

> The output preceding tells us there is a text index with the name "title_text".

Reviewer: A couple nitpicks:
1) The ordering of the words "output preceding" requires an object whereas "preceding output" is an object. If you want to use "output preceding" you would follow with something like this: "The output preceding this sentence" which is a bit awkward.
2) I think the output isn't telling us something. Rather, "you can see a text index... in the preceding output".

The following removes the ``title_text`` index in the collection:

.. code-block:: java

   collection.dropIndex("title_text");

.. note:: 

   You cannot remove a single index from a compound index. You must remove

>    all the indexes in your compound index.

Reviewer: A compound index is a single index; compound just means that the single index contains multiple fields. I think what you mean to say here is "You cannot remove a single field from a compound text index. You must drop the entire index and create a new one to update the indexed fields."

Removing All Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting with MongoDB 4.2, you can drop all non-``_id`` indexes in a

> collection using the ``dropIndexes()`` method on your collection. For
> MongoDB versions prior, use ``dropIndex("*")`` on your collection.

Reviewer: I think this could be a better way to explain it since you're mixing code examples (with parameters) and method names without letting the user know the difference between them.

```suggestion
collection by calling the ``dropIndexes()`` method on your collection. For
MongoDB versions prior, pass the "*" as a parameter to your call to ``dropIndex()`` on your collection.
```

It may be better to just use code blocks for both so that it's consistent with your prior dropIndex example.

Refer to the :manual:`Unique Indexes page </core/index-unique>` in the MongoDB server manual for more information.
.. driver-content-end

Remove an Index
---------------

You can remove any unused index that isn't a :ref:`unique index
<unique-indexes>`. 

The following sections show the three ways to remove indexes:

- Using an index specification document
- Using an indexed name field

> - Removing all indexes

Reviewer: Nitpick: this item does not specify a "way to remove indexes" like the other items in this list. Instead, consider adding that info to the beginning:

```suggestion
- Using a wildcard character to remove all indexes
```

> Index Specification Document

Reviewer: In the style guide, there's mention of not using headings and subheadings to create sentences ("Remove an Index [using an] Index Specification Document") because it should be clear what the subject is for every heading. Instead consider:
```suggestion
Remove an Index Using an Index Specification Document
```

Applies to all headings.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Pass the index specification documenent to the ``dropIndex()`` method to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the index specification document to the ``dropIndex()`` method to
```

> remove an index from a collection. 

Reviewer: At this point of the section, I'm not sure the reader knows what an index specification document is since it's specific to MongoDB. Perhaps there's a resource you can link, or a sentence you can provide to define it?

The following snippet removes an ascending index on the ``title`` field
in a collection:

.. code-block:: java

   collection.dropIndex(Indexes.ascending("title"));

.. important::

>    This does not work for a text index. To remove a text index, see the
>    :ref:`Name Field <name_field>` section.

Reviewer: "This does not work for..." seems like an announcement of a bug. Instead, consider mentioning that text indexes are dropped using a name field.
```suggestion
   If you want to drop a text index, you must use the name of the index instead. See the 
   :ref:`Name Field <name_field>` section for details.
```

.. _name_field:

Name Field
~~~~~~~~~~

> Pass the indexed ``name`` field to the ``dropIndex()`` method to remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the ``name`` field of the index to the ``dropIndex()`` method to remove
```

> an index from a collection. You must do this to remove a text index.

Reviewer: Since you've mentioned that you need to do this for a text index in the prior section, is it necessary to mention here? Doesn't removing an index by the name work for any type of index? And if so, couldn't it be confusing to call out text index?

Author: I'll remove the mention here since it does work for all indexes.

> Use the ``listIndexes()`` method to see the indexed ``name`` fields in
> your collection. 

Reviewer: Underneath the headers, I think it's ok to directly jump into the material that the header mentions. However, this isn't related to the header, so perhaps it needs some contextual information first.
```suggestion
If you need to find the name of your index, use the ``listIndexes()`` method to see the the value of the ``name`` fields in your indexes.
```

The following snippet retrieves all the indexes in a collection, which

> has a text index on the ``title`` field:

Reviewer: The construction of this sentence is confusing me. Let's discuss what this is supposed to mean and work on a solution together.

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/SearchText.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin listIndex
   :end-before: end listIndex

Your output should look something like the following:

.. code-block:: json

   { "v": 2, "key": {"_id": 1}, "name": "_id_" }
   { "v": 2, "key": {"_fts": "text", "_ftsx": 1}, "name": "title_text", "weights": {"title": 1}, 
   "default_language": "english", "language_override": "language", "textIndexVersion": 3 }

You can see a text index with the ``name`` "title_text" in the preceding output.

The following snippet removes the "title_text" index in the collection:

.. code-block:: java

   collection.dropIndex("title_text");

.. note:: 

   You cannot remove a single field from a compound text index. You must
   drop the entire index and create a new one to update the indexed
   fields 

Removing All Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Starting with MongoDB 4.2, you can drop all non-``_id`` indexes in a

Author: I used this term because it was used in the manual in the first note on this page: https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/method/db.collection.dropIndex/#mongodb-method-db.collection.dropIndex

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pass the **index specification document** to the ``dropIndex()`` method to
remove an index from a collection. An index specification document is
a ``Bson`` instance that specifies the type of index you want on the
specified field. 

The following snippet removes an ascending index on the ``title`` field
in a collection:

.. code-block:: java

   collection.dropIndex(Indexes.ascending("title"));

.. important::

   If you want to drop a text index, you must use the name of the index
   instead. See the :ref:`Name Field <name_field>` section for details.

.. _name_field:

Remove an Index Using a Name Field
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pass the ``name`` field of the index to the ``dropIndex()`` method to
remove an index from a collection.

If you need to find the name of your index, use the ``listIndexes()``
method to see the value of the ``name`` fields in your indexes. 

The following snippet retrieves and prints all the indexes in a
collection: 

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/SearchText.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin listIndex
   :end-before: end listIndex

> Your output should resemble something like the following:

Reviewer: As briefly discussed in our prior Zoom meeting, we should make sure that we're not misleading a user that might not have a collection with a text index. We can frame it in a way that doesn't actually require them to call it on a collection that contains a text index. E.g.

```suggestion
If you call listIndex() on a collection that contains a text index, the output might resemble the following:
```
